we like to do our desserts really
balanced and we're balancing us it's not
too much sugar or too much of anything
in this it'll be really balanced okay so
you were also I wanted you everybody to
know that you were the youngest female
chef how old were you to cook and the
James Beard House in New York which is
very prestigious so please explain what
the James Beard houses the James Beard
House it's it's an organization it's a
nonprofit organization they invite chefs
in they give out awards to the best
chefs in the country it's a very
prestigious honor to be invited to cook
at the James Beard House and I think I
was 22 and I thought that's really young
Wow so when you were on the chefs on the
Top Chef what was your biggest challenge
you know I have to say that it wasn't
even a culinary challenge that was my
biggest challenge I have a lot of a lot
of fears I have a fear of heights have a
fear of boats and I have a fear of like
being trapped in small spaces and and I
was actually act of course boat I didn't
I did I actually had to take a
helicopter ride to one of my challenges
which ended up well I mean yeah the
heights I mean it was like the epitome
of everything that I was you should have
talked to Frances she was on a real big
boat so explain to us how you gonna put
all of this together because it looks
delicious
oh it's pretty good by the way like
okay so basically um you know everybody
knows what tapioca pudding is but very
what is it actually
well it's actually made out of taro root
starch oh and it's these little pearls
and they take a little while to cook so
you it's actually helps to soak them a
little instead of cooking them in just
water which is generally what most
people do and then they add cream we are
gonna add a little bit of water but
we're also gonna add some flavor
directly into us and we're gonna use
coconut milk instead of cream Wow you
know I actually like the flavor of the
coconut milk in it it makes it feel like
a natural coconut dessert rather topical
yeah so it goes vegan then so do the
curd on top has some egg and matter oh
okay and then we're gonna add a little
sugar to sweeten it up and we were just
talking here here's your rum then this
is gonna kind of make it feel like a
pina colada
this actually takes a little while to
cook how long does it take about half an
hour and you want to make sure that
those little pearls are completely
translucent you can't that's how you
know it's cooked turning you you kind of
turn intermittently stir the the next
component is the curd and that's
something that you actually have to
constantly stir okay so we have egg
yolks we have sugar white sugar egg
whites and you later sugar but you could
substitute with a different kind of
sugar and you actually need to stir that
right away because sugar actually cooks
egg yolks hey Doug if you just let it
stand we have passion fruit puree which
actually when you get it
pure passion like the fresh this is a
frozen period no sugar added to it and
when you get that that bright fresh
passion fruit puree it's really acidic
so you need that sugar we're actually
gonna take a vanilla bean here my
favorite it to take although yeah so you
want me to turn it white right away a
fresh vanilla bean and then it's a
little bit easier to get those seeds out
and split it straight down the center
try not to split it all the way through
and then you can open that up and take
the back of the knife always amazed by
them scrape out of all this I love
basically you stir that and this is
something that you have to constantly
stir until it thickens do this during
have time to finish but basically yeah
so you don't curdle that egg it takes
how long about a how about 20 minutes
half an hour depending on how much this
wouldn't take so long cuz it's not very
much but it's worth it to make it a
little bit creamier and richer you would
add that butter butter and a couple
cubes at a time should be a preferred
like the flavor here is just I mean
what's really nice I actually have a
passion for a tree at home and it's
really nice to add seeds and the passion
fruit actually had a really cool texture
you know I'm going to ask Francis if she
would go into our refrigerator
Francis going to refrigerator now go
ahead so you never open these in mason
jars
your magical Wow I want to take the
balls out you didn't know that
oh what a car I'm sorry I'm gonna
assemble some horses what it comes out
live this is what it comes out like Oh
make sure it's completely chilled before
you start plating it yeah that would
take way too long so basically you can
see and hear these those little pearls
are completely translucent and it tastes
like natural real coconut and we're
we're gonna layer it like you would a
trifle we've made a little crumble here
with some black sesame seeds and some
brown sugar and a little bit of flour
you could add flax seeds in there you
wanna try to not get it all over the
place actually to make it a little bit
easier you can you can get these plastic
piping bags oh nice
and you just cut off the tip we're gonna
watch you while we're watching you build
the house here will tell you that you
can check out chef Brooks she is on her
new show that she has it's on TV it's
MTV's new show called house of food
premiering March 31st at 10 o'clock